# Intellinoun

## 🚧 WIP

Intellinoun is a repository containing various scripts and datasets related to a language learning model (LLM) that focuses on nouns. The project data is updated once every 24 hours.

## Project Structure

```bash
.
├── LICENSE
├── README.md
├── convert_files
│   ├── __init__.py
│   └── csv_to_xlsx.py
├── data
│   ├── embedding
│   │   └── general_info_examples
│   │       └── nouns_lilnouns_sample.csv
│   ├── enhanced
│   │   ├── votes_SentimentAnalysis.csv
│   │   └── votes_SentimentAnalysis.xlsx
│   ├── prepared
│   │   ├── votes_SentimentPrep.csv
│   │   └── votes_SentimentPrep.json
│   └── raw
│       ├── votes_raw.csv
│       └── votes_raw.json
├── data_processing
│   └── formatEnhance
│       ├── votes_SentimentAnalysis.py
│       ├── votes_SentimentPrep.py
│       └── votes_formatEnhance.py
├── fetch_data
│   ├── __init__.py
│   └── fetch_votes.py
├── poetry.lock
├── pyproject.toml
└── tests
    └── __init__.py
```

## Usage

You can use the following commands to run the various scripts in the project:

```bash
poetry run python fetch_data/fetch_votes.py
poetry run python convert_files/csv_to_xlsx.py
poetry run python data_processing/votes/votes_formatEnhance.py
poetry run python data_processing/votes/votes_ReasonClassificationPrep.py
poetry run python data_processing/votes/votes_ReasonClassification.py
```

## File Descriptions

- `LICENSE`: The license file for the project.
- `README.md`: The file you are currently reading.
- `convert_files`: This directory contains scripts for converting files from one format to another.
  - `__init__.py`: Makes the directory a Python package.
  - `csv_to_xlsx.py`: Python script to convert CSV files to XLSX format.
- `data`: Contains all the data related to the project, divided into subdirectories for organization.
  - `embedding`: This directory contains embeddings for the nouns in the project.
    - `general_info_examples`: Contains sample embeddings for nouns.
      - `nouns_lilnouns_sample.csv`: Sample data containing general information examples for nouns in CSV format.
  - `enhanced`: Contains enhanced data, which has undergone additional processing for more insightful analysis.
    - `votes_SentimentAnalysis.csv`: CSV file containing the result of sentiment analysis on votes data.
    - `votes_SentimentAnalysis.xlsx`: XLSX file containing the result of sentiment analysis on votes data.
  - `prepared`: Contains data that has been preprocessed and is ready for analysis.
    - `votes_SentimentPrep.csv`: Preprocessed votes data in CSV format.
    - `votes_SentimentPrep.json`: Preprocessed votes data in JSON format.
  - `raw`: Contains the raw data for the project.
    - `votes_raw.csv`: Raw

 votes data in CSV format.
    - `votes_raw.json`: Raw votes data in JSON format.
- `data_processing`: Contains scripts for processing and enhancing data.
  - `votes`: This directory contains scripts for formatting and enhancing voting data.
    - `votes_SentimentAnalysis.py`: Script for performing sentiment analysis on votes data.
    - `votes_SentimentPrep.py`: Script for preparing votes data for sentiment analysis.
    - `votes_formatEnhance.py`: Script for enhancing and formatting votes data.
- `fetch_data`: Contains scripts for fetching data.
  - `__init__.py`: Makes the directory a Python package.
  - `fetch_votes.py`: Script to fetch vote data.
- `poetry.lock`: File generated by Poetry, a package and dependency management tool for Python.
- `pyproject.toml`: File generated by Poetry for project configuration.
- `tests`: Contains the test scripts for the project.
  - `__init__.py`: Makes the directory a Python package.

## License

This project is in the public domain. Check the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for more details.
